= Smart-Organise
AUTHOR::	Emmanuel Tagarira
VERSION::	1.0
CONTACT::	mannie@dimensionsunmarked.com
URL::		www.dimensionsunmarked.com
LICENCE::	LGPL 3  (See LICENCE or www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.html)
COPYRIGHT::	(c) 2009 Emmanuel Tagarira

== Requirements
 - Growl (notifications may be disabled).
 - The provided Automator Actions (See below: +Installing Automator Actions+).

== Synopsis
This is a suite of Automator Actions to help clean up cluttered, untidy folders;  the basic concept being that files are organised by their extensions in the top level of the selected directories.

== What's new in this version
 - Actions which are accessible and reusable from within Automator
 - Updated file filter for service "Download Files @ URL"
 - Uninstall instructions
 - Uninstall for Snow Leopard
 - The Download Files @ URL' service now deletes the newly created downloads folder if no files were downloaded

== How To Install
If you are running Mac OS X 10.6 (or above), you have the option of installing via the provided installer.  By default, the installer installs all 3 Services (which can also be found in the +Contextual Menu Items+ folder) and the 'Smart-Organise Folders • Extension' folder action (which automatically attaches itself to your +~/Downloads+ folder, which you can change by configuring your folder actions).  Should you decide to install more than one +folder action+, please ensure that you configure you folder actions.  Please +do not+ use any combination of the provided +folder actions+ on the same folder simultaneously, as there are no priority resolution mechanisms in place for such a configuration;  the resulting behaviour is indeterminate.

== Manually Installing Contextual Menu Items
Navigate to the +Contextual Menu Items+ folder and double click to open the +.workflow+ file you wish to install.  Click on the +File+ menu, and select the +Save As Plug-In...+ option.  Type the name you wish to save the contextual menu item as (preferably the name of the Service) into the +Save Plug-In As:+ field.  Select +Finder+ from the drop-down menu for +Plug-In For+.  Click +Save+;  the service is now ready for use.

== Manually Installing Folder Actions
Navigate to the +Folder Actions+ folder and double click to open the +.workflow+ file you wish to install.  Click on the +File+ menu, and select the +Save As Plug-In...+ option.  Type the name you wish to save the folder action as into the +Save Plug-In As:+ field.  Select +Folder Action+ from the drop-down menu for +Plug-In For+;  then select the folder you would like to attach the action to using the new drop-down menu that appears (i.e. +Attached To Folder+).  Click Save.

== How To Fully Uninstall Smart-Organise
=== For +pre Mac OS X v10.6+ systems:
Simply delete the Smart-Organise related files which can be found within the following directories:
	~/Library/Workflows/Applications/Finder
	~/Library/Workflows/Applications/Folders
	~/Library/Automator

+Please note:+  you will need to delete the files with the names you assigned during the manual installation.

=== For systems running +Snow Leopard+:
If you did a manual install, please follow the instructions to uninstall Smart-Organise for +pre Mac OS X v10.6+ systems;  otherwise run the uninstaller provided i.e. +Snow-Leopard-Uninstaller.command+.  You will need the Adminstrator password for this.  If you prefer to do this manually, you may follow the instructions below.

If you chose to install the tools +for everyone that uses your machine+, delete the Smart-Organise related files from the following directories:
	/Library/Automator
	/Library/Services
	/Library/Workflows/Applications/Folder Actions

If you chose to install the tools +for your user account only+, delete the Smart-Organise related files from the following directories:
	~/Library/Automator
	~/Library/Services	
	~/Library/Workflows/Applications/Folder Actions

There should be one file for each Service or Folder Action regardless of the operating system on which it was installed.
